the HK nine 300s steam oven can be used
to prepare all kinds of long cooking
lean meats in this demo we will make
lamb loin fill its marinated in spices
here we will use mint
first of all we fill the 1.4 liter water
tank with cold water
we wash and clean the beans
and cut them into three to four
centimeters strips
we wash the lemons and mint leaves
you place the beans in the perforated
tray and put the tray in the oven we
cook the beans in the steam oven with a
few sprigs of mint for 15 minutes
next we chop the mint leaves and place
him in a bowl
we peel and chop some garlic
and place it in a bowl
now we cut two strips of lemon peel and
slice them into thin strips and add them
to the bowl
we cut the lamb Phillips
and spread the mixture on top of the
village then season with salt and pepper
we place everything into the steam oven
for 10 to 12 minutes at a hundred
degrees centigrade
we add butter to the wok
and saute the beans and lungful its that
we previously cooked in the oven to give
them a nice crunchy texture
and finally we plate the dish with
saffron to give it a wonderful color
flavor and aroma
you